Add a section in the migration docs on how to use legacy auth providers with the new backend system (#21520)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/sour-games-beg.md

Reviewer: No need for a changeset for `/docs/` updates, this can be removed

---

> '@backstage/cli': minor
> ---
> 
> Updated the backend plugin template for `backstage-cli new` to use the new backend system while maintaining backwards compatibility to the old backend system
> https://github.com/backstage/backstage/issues/21288
> https://github.com/backstage/backstage/pull/21520

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@backstage/cli': patch
---

Updated the backend plugin template for `backstage-cli new` to use the new backend system while maintaining backwards compatibility to the old backend system. For more information on how to migrate your existing plugins and modules, see the [migration guide](https://backstage.io/docs/backend-system/building-plugins-and-modules/migrating).
```
